Future Backlog
>> put options back into setup to allow clean install without erasing existing databases.


Fourth Sprint 11/3 - present
1) intergrate server.py and settings.py into one script.
2) Make functions to update config settings from menu.HTML
3) Create class for unified html to postgresql interchange.
** Sprint change before making db to html interactions html should be close to done
4) Make classWeather to get api weather reports and route to html.
5) Make classNews to get api new reports and route to html.
6) make classQuote to display different quotes on homepage.

Thrid Sprint 10/23 - 10/31 2025
Primary Goal: Establish I/O between settings page and database

Requirements:
1) Design settings HTML page.
2) Make classSettings.py load config settings from db.
3) Make SQL script to handle Database updates. 
4) Rework setup process to detect OS and adjust postgresql setup accordingly.
5) Start connecting scripts via main.py

Review:
1) Lots of CSS mess with the new page. It may be best to use two different css scripts.
2) classSettings got paired down to be a very simple class. That may be for the best it just needs to store the config in memory. 
3) It seemed better to intergate update into the the handler object. 
4) Made major changes to how install process runs. Made a classs which handles the install. Checks path, checks server connection, checks if db is created. 
4+) CreateDB had permission problems need to learn more about postgre permissions before making the script work.  
5) For now server.check_install() and server.create_database() are seperate calls. May be benificial to include a seperate sql script to give different options during setup.
* Handler is a unplanned class which will handle all server connections this is better to keep all connection operations in one class rather then having setting and install make their own connections.
* Had to use commands directly from Handler rather than use sql script. Ran into too many permission errors.
>> modify psql_setup for cross platform compatibilty - completed

Second Sprint 10/15-10/23 2025
Primary Goal: Create setup files in order for user to create and configure database

Requirements:
1) Shell script to initialize databases on install
2) Use variables to make shell script configurable
3) Begin design of database structure
4) Allow databases to be named via variables
5) Keep in mind that config will eventually come from flask

Review:
1) It will be better modularity to split shell and sql setup into seperate scripts
2) While using variables was a good idea this is not a user facing part of the app so generaic naming conventions assures better compatibilty across different users
3) Database structure designed, three many-to-many db (people, roles, timesheet) an additional config db needed
4) Requirement changed see #2
5) Converted config to be created in createDB.sql. Need to edit it from Flask commandlets.
* while splitting psql_setup.sh realized that I need to add cross compatibilty for chrome/linux/windows 
* may need to add to psql_setup.sh to handle privilages and different enviorments.
* reduced number of tables to 3, seperate roles table was slow. simplified and eleminated vertical repition in tables.
* added a clean install option to allow user to choose how to deal with a previously installed data.
>> create flask or TK config GUI for setup and settings changes.  - completed

First Sprint 10/12-10/15 2025
Primary Goal: Basic functionality of Flask


Requirements:
1) HTML CSS Python handshake
2) Establish architecural principals and basic templates.
3) Flask should put up an index page showing a text box as well as feedback information boxes for when database returns information.
4) Create a python object which can hold the neccecary data to send to Flask
5) Keep in mind modularity and cross language configurability. 

Review:
1) Using Flask seems to be an effient way mostly due to Python's compatibilty with JSON. May require more complexity when intergrating POSTGRE
2) Created basic architecural plan in main.py. 
3) Created HTML and CSS templates. Using variables for CSS attributes was easier than expected. 
4) person.py created with outline of attributes needed from database
5) In order to configure as many settings that are required it looks like a second webpage or TK app may be needed to give user GUI configuration ADD to requirements
